*A King’s Nightmare – User’s Guide
A King’s Nightmare is a game based on the risk in reality. You play as one of two characters, a King or a Slave. As the King, you are strong, mighty, and powerful. No matter how many knights your opponent throws at you, you can cut them all down. However, the King have one weakness – the petty Slave, as he is the one with nothing to lose. The Slave only has one chance and he must take a huge risk, but if he succeeds, he is greatly rewarded. This game represents two concepts in reality: how an educated risk can pay off, and how the mightiest men can fall to the smallest.
At the start screen, you can pick between the two different game modes, one against a computer and one against someone else. There are also instructions available. In the instructions, there is a page that describes the style of the game, animations that display visually which card beats which card, and a final pages with more details on controls, default settings, and the betting system and point distribution.
  
	Both players have 5 cards, with four Knights and one specialty card, the Slave or the King, depending on who you are playing as. King beats Knight, Knight beats Slave, Knight ties with Knight, and Slave beats King. The slave first sets a bet amount. If he wins, he wins four times that bet, and if the king wins, he wins the bet amount. The slave picks a card first in secrecy, then the king picks a card. There are hotkeys, ‘q’ for your specialty card and ‘w’ for Knight, mainly for use in 2P mode so you can hide your selection. The cards then are revealed to see who won. Each player starts off with 1000 points, and the bet can be may only be between 1 and 501 (the slave at most will need to win 2001 points, which is about 501*4). The hands are swapped after three games.
	When you get into the One or Two Player modes (we will look at just One Player for visuals), you will be prompted to make a bet, as you start off as slave by default. Then, you will be greeted with the main card selection screen, where you can press the button under the card you want to choose. After your choice as been made, an animation screen shows the two cards that were picked in a dramatic fashion. The winner is displayed and the scores are re-calculated and displayed.
  
	After three games, the hands will switch with an appropriate screen notifying the user of the change. Then, either Player 2 will be prompted to start making the bets, or the computer starts making the bets as the slave and the bets are displayed on the screen. Otherwise, the game proceeds as normal, just with the user(s) playing the other hand.
	Once a player or the computer dips below 0 points, the game immediately exits to display the final winning/losing screen, which also displays the final score as well as a button you can press to go back to the start menu to replay the game.
